hi everyone and thanks for tuning in to
another video on Lady Facebook you
garden today I have a couple cool items
that or just released in stores one of
them is the chespin box the fennekin box
in the fruit box but before i get to
those i found one of these and it
basically has plasma freeze plasma storm
and a batteries cost pack and a pin at
the bottom now a little hint here
obviously I picked froakie and i hope
everyone else is having fun with the new
games x and y and i'm sorry that i
haven't had a lot of videos up recently
i have been super busy at my life I
think dad's going on just really really
busy dealing with things and now that x
and y is out i'm really really busy
playing that so just to show you the
back of this because i think it's really
really cute i only got one of these on
the other ones just have a froakie and a
chespin pin i'm not a really big pin
person but since I picked froakie and I
froakie and fennekin as my starter I
really kind of wanted to have that pin
at least truthfully I was trying to
purchase the t-shirt that says team sin
again but I couldn't find it at the hot
topic here so i might have to get that
online but in the meantime i thought at
least i get a pin that says plastic off
so that is why i only got one of these
because the only difference is a pin
which i'm not really big collector of
foot a very very pretty very well done
pin I'm very first much the genesect
pins as well but that will be my way of
showing which started I picked for my
shift and then we have three packs here
and I'll go from the oldest to the
newest so boundaries crossed a lot of
nice cards in this set before you can
post
all right here's a Duskull witzel and
are just search site they're tied up
mienshao boom her dear and you were
reversed delcatty and one's a cop rear
so nothing too exciting in that pack and
next we'll go to plasma storm it's kind
of a little strange opening up these
black and white packs without x and y
being out already kind of want to see
some of the new guys but here we have
Ray open Chimchar Patrat Magnemite
clefairy team plasma grunt grotal go
back a reverse during it and a dreaded
gone where it's also nothing to too
exciting there and the last pack will be
a plasma freeze pack
we have right outta luck wikigta Daniel
vanillite manky team plasma badge
knocked out grove on a reverse makikita
and awesome there's a hollow chandeleur
and i do really really like chandelure
so that's a good pull for me but hope
you enjoyed this opening make sure you
subscribe to stay tuned i have three
awesome boxes of the chespin fennekin
and froakie type to open up for you guys
and I'll see you for that video